[THEME MUSIC]
>> GREGG BRADEN: Hello.
My name's Gregg Braden.
I'd like to welcome
you to today's very
special presentation
of "The Divine Matrix--
Bridging Time and Space,
Miracles and Belief."
In our last episode,
we discovered
that we are biologically wired
to hack the divine matrix
in seemingly superhuman ways.
Well, in this episode, we're
going to go one step further.
We'll uncover the
prayer code, the formula
for an empowered form of
prayer that is actually
mirrored in the most
sophisticated computer
systems known to exist
in the world today.
Modern prayer
researchers typically
identify the way we
use prayer as falling
into one or some combination
of four modalities, the four
modes of prayer.
So what I'd like to
do is briefly describe
each mode of prayer,
just so we're
clear on precisely what I'm
talking about in this episode,
and then go into the details
of another mode of prayer,
a fifth mode, a
lost mode of prayer.
So the first modality of prayer
that researchers typically
refer to is called an informal
or a colloquial form of prayer.
And I think we all use
these from time to time.
These are the kind
of prayers that we
say when we're in trouble,
when we're in a jam,
we feel powerless, and we need
help, when we need it quickly.
So for example, I had a friend
that lived in a big city.
Every Friday
afternoon, my friend
would drive down a long freeway
on the way home in a West Coast
city.
And the prayer of my
friend would be please,
dear, God, don't
let my gas tank go
to empty before I get to
the end of this freeway.
That happened
every Friday night.
So this is an example
of an informal
or a colloquial prayer.
The second mode of prayer
is a little bit different.
It's called a
petitionary prayer.
And this is the kind of
prayer where we literally
petition a higher
power, we petition God
for some particular outcome.
Years ago, I had the
opportunity to spend some time
with the I AM teachings,
people that practice
the I AM teachings.
And they use this petitionary
mode of prayer frequently.
And they would say
something like, I
petition God for
the right to heal
and be healed now and
in all past, present,
and future manifestations.
So this would be considered
a petitionary mode of prayer.
The third mode of prayer
is as a controversial mode,
and some researchers
do not consider
what I'm about to
say a mode of prayer,
because it is a
meditative prayer.
We're not really doing anything.
We are simply in silence and
aware of our surroundings,
aware of our environment.
And because it is a
meditative prayer,
many researchers say
meditation is not prayer.
They separate these two.
But I'm sharing
it with you here,
because it is often considered
as well a mode of prayer.
So the fourth and
last mode of prayer
identified typically
by prayer researchers,
it's called a ritualistic
form of prayer.
And I think we all
have done these
and been taught to do this
at some point in our lives.
This is the kind of prayer where
we say just the right words,
very specific words at
just the right time of day
or just the right time of night
or before the meal in just
the right time of year and
the right day of the year.
And we believe that
when we say the words,
something is actually
happening, that we are somehow
communicating to a higher
power or to a greater essence.
Something is happening.
And while these prayers
may be well-intentioned,
sometimes we find that
the outcome is lacking,
or maybe it doesn't
even happen at all.
So I want to just
elaborate on this mode
of prayer a little bit,
my experiences in Tibet.
Once again, I'm going
to go back into Tibet,
because it was so
accessible to me
for this window of
time in the 1990s.
That window
unfortunately has closed.
And I'm not able to go
and take people and have
the same experiences as I was
during that period of time.
So I feel very fortunate
to have had the access
to the monasteries
and to the people,
to the monks and the
nuns in those monasteries
and the ability to
interact with them.
And for me, this is the power.
And this is the
opportunity that we
have to interact with
our indigenous history,
with the people of our past,
the indigenous wisdom that's
preserved so much
wisdom for so long.
And let me just share with
you a bit why this is.
When we go to an
ancient text, and we
can read the words
on a scroll, we
can read the hieroglyphs
on a temple wall in Egypt
or in a monument in the
Yucatan, in the Mayan lands.
And when we read
those hieroglyphs
or those ancient texts, we think
we know what they're saying.
However, there are nuances
that can only be understood
through human communication.
It's when two humans are in
the presence of one another,
eye to eye, mind to mind,
heart to heart, god to god.
It's when I can
look another human
in the eye, a Tibetan monk,
for example, or a nun.
And I can ask them, when you
had this experience just now,
what was happening
inside of your body.
When you had this experience,
what were you feeling?
How did you trigger
this experience?
What did you do to make
these things possible,
like the brain states we spoke
about in the earlier episodes?
You can't get that from a text.
You can't get that
from a temple wall.
So for me, people ask
me all the time, Gregg,
why would you spend so much
time in the dusty deserts
and in the high altitudes.
And this is the
reason, because it's
in these places where
the wisdom of our past
is preserved by
us, by our family.
And there's a
continuity of knowledge
that exists if we
have the wisdom
to embrace that knowledge.
So much of what I'm
sharing with you here
in this particular
episode, especially,
throughout the whole
program, but specifically
in this episode, is going
to be part of that lineage,
part of that
continuity of wisdom.
So just so it's very clear
what I'm saying here,
let me give you an example of
something that happened me,
a story of what
happened when I was
in the presence of one of the
monks during my time in Tibet.
I had been in a chanting
hall in a monastery.
Again, these are
very high altitude,
this is about 16,500
feet above sea level.
The air is thin.
It is cool.
Is beautiful.
Inside of these monasteries, the
floors are cold, they're dry,
they're made of
stone, they're dark.
And it's very interesting,
they're always cold inside,
because the monks say if
you want to be warmer--
they don't heat the space.
They say, wear more clothes.
And that's why the
robes for these monks
are often so heavy
and so dense that when
they stand up and
walk away from where
they've been in their
lotus position meditating,
and they leave their prayer
shawls behind, when they leave
these ponchos
behind, if you will,
they're so dense that they will
actually stand up on their own,
even though there's no monk
inside for them to wrap around.
But it was when I was
in one of these places.
I had just been with
these 300 monks.
And I was sitting among
them as they were doing
the chants and the prayers.
And at the close, I asked one
of the monks this question.
I said, when we see your
prayers on the outside, what's
happening on the inside?
When we see the
bells and the bowls
and the mantras and the
incense and the chimes,
when we see the chanting
on the outside, I said,
what are you doing inside?
And he looked at
me, and he said,
you've never seen a prayer,
because a prayer cannot be
seen.
He said, what you see is us on
the outside doing the things
that create a feeling.
And the feeling is the prayer.
This is the key.
The feeling is the prayer.
And then he turned to
me, and he asked me,
he turned the question on me.
And he said, the
feeling is the prayer.
How do you do this
in your culture?
And I realized that you
and I, with few exceptions,
have been conditioned,
through this ritualistic form
of prayer.
What we do is we're
conditioned to say the words.
And when we say the words, we
think we've said the prayer.
When we say the words
before a meal, God is great,
God is good, or
before we go to sleep,
now I lay me down to sleep,
pray the Lord my soul
to keep-- that actually is
a very frightening prayer
for a young person to hear.
When we say those
words, we believe
that we have said
something to the field.
But the key to interacting
with the matrix
is to communicate in a language
that the matrix recognizes.
And the matrix does not always
recognize a verbal command,
it may.
But the verbal command--
now, I'm going to invite
you to think about this.
Our words were designed
as the code that creates
the feeling in our bodies.
And the feeling is the prayer.
So when you think about
prayer from that perspective
and you read an
ancient prayer manual,
it's not that the
words are magic.
It's the words were
designed to be a code
to trigger an experience
inside of your body
that interacts with the world
beyond your body or the field
or the matrix that is part of
your body, to be more specific.
When we begin to think
of prayer that way,
it takes on a whole
different meaning.
You're going to see
in just a few moments.
You've heard the term
that things are often
lost in translation?
I'm going to share
with you a translation
of an ancient prayer,
the original text,
and where things were
changed in the translation.
You'll see exactly what I mean.
So with that in mind, I'm
going to share with you
a form of prayer, a
feeling-based prayer that
illustrates precisely what
we're talking about now
as well as a mode of
prayer that is not
accounted for in those
first four modalities.
So excluding the
meditative form of prayer,
the common theme that runs
through each of the three
remaining modes that I've just
identified is that each of them
are called prayers
of supplication.
These are the kind of prayers
that we are conditioned
to use when we feel helpless, we
feel powerless in a situation.
And we feel the need
to ask for help.
We need intervention.
And I'm not surprised that
this is such a common form
of prayer, because
think about the story
that you and I are conditioned
to embrace in our lives.
We're taught that we live
in a world of separation,
that we are separate
from one another.
We're separate from the Earth.
We're separate from ourselves.
And that's why we need
to ask for intervention,
medical intervention
when something happens
with our bodies that we're not
comfortable with, spiritual
intervention when something
happens in our lives,
and we need help.
What I'm saying to you now is
all of those things are good,
and they work in very specific
instances in our lives.
We're building a toolbox.
We are building a
spiritual toolbox
and a scientific toolbox.
And we're marrying these two
very different ways of knowing,
the best science of
the modern world,
the wisdom of 5,000 years
of human spirituality,
weaving them into
an experience that
transcends the limitations that
either can have individually.
Science is good, but science can
only tell us how things work.
Spiritual traditions
can tell us how
to apply it the way things
work, but they cant'
always tell us why they work.
Our modern world today,
we've reached a point
where we need both.
So we are building
the vocabulary.
We're building the wisdom
and the understanding.
It's a very, very
different way of thinking.
So what I'd like to
do is take all of this
and be very, very clear that
while we have all probably
used, in one form
or another, one
of those three modes of prayer,
just recognize those are tools.
And they're good tools.
And they've served
us in the past.
But here's the question,
is there another tool.
Could there be another
mode of prayer?
In addition to the four
that we've just identified,
is there a fifth?
Is there a fifth mode
or a lost mode of prayer
that allows us to move
beyond needing intervention,
beyond asking for help, a
mode of prayer that allows
us to be part of the solution?
So in other words,
is there a way
of communicating with
the divine matrix,
with this Higgs field
that considers us
as part of, rather than
separate from, the field
that we are experiencing
from within?
Well, the answer is the reason
that I'm sharing this episode.
It's a resounding yes.
So what I'd like to do
is share an example.
This is a story.
It's a true story
that happened to me
when I left the corporations
in the early 1990s.
And I moved to a piece of
land in the high desert
of northern New Mexico.
And those of you that live
in that part of the world,
you may remember, the 1990s
was one of the worst droughts
in recorded history.
The elders of the
native peoples,
they said, in the memory
of their ancestors,
they'd never seen a drought
that had lasted as long as what
we were experiencing.
It was going on five-plus years.
It was terrible.
Cattle were dying.
Crops were dying.
People were selling their farms,
because they could no longer
support themselves on the land.
And it was during this time
that a native friend of mine
called me one morning.
And to honor his privacy,
I'm going to call him David,
even though David this
is not really his name.
But David called me one morning,
and he asked me, he said,
Gregg, would you like to
meet me and accompany me
to a place that is
so old, no one even
knows who built this place.
It was built by the
hands of our ancestors.
It is a wheel.
It is a circle of stone
where we offer our prayers,
because in this place, the
skin between the worlds
is very thin.
I love that terminology.
So he said, would
you like to join
me to offer a prayer of rain.
And I didn't have
to think twice.
I said, you bet.
And I met David.
And we hiked into this place.
I wasn't prepared
for what I saw.
As an Anglo, as a
Westerner, I expected
to see some chanting,
some kind of ceremony,
maybe some dancing.
And what I saw was David.
He sat on the ground.
He took off his old work boots.
He unlaced them and put
them outside the circle.
He stepped into the circle with
his naked feet on the ground.
He closed his eyes.
He honored all of his ancestors.
He honored the directions,
all six of them.
And then he closed his
eyes with his hands
in the prayer mudra over his
heart, just for a few seconds.
This was outside of the
town of Taos, New Mexico.
It's the nearest
city of any size.
And he looked at me.
He opened his eyes
and he looked.
And he said, I'm hungry.
You want to get a bite to eat?
And he was inside the circle.
And I said, well, yes.
But I said, but I thought you
were going to pray for rain.
And he looked at me.
And what he said has stayed with
me so powerfully for so long.
And it's helped so many
people when they think
about how this prayer works.
He looked at me.
And he said, no.
He said, if I prayed for
rain, rain could never happen.
He said, because the
moment I pray for rain,
I have just told the universe
that rain does not exist here.
The moment I pray
for it to happen,
I'm acknowledging that
it's not here now.
And I said, well, if you didn't
pray for rain just now, I said,
when you closed your eyes,
what did you just do?
And he said, when
I close my eyes,
he said, I felt the feeling
of what it feels like when
it rains in my Pueblo village.
He said, I felt
the feeling of what
it feels like to stand with
my naked feet in the mud,
and the mud is there, because
there's been so much rain.
He said, I smelled
the smells of what
the rain smells like when
it rolls off the earthen
walls from our Pueblo.
And I felt what it
would feel like to walk
through the corn that's this
high against my naked chest,
and it's this high because
there's been so much rain
to grow the corn.
And then I give thanks of
gratitude and appreciation
for the rain that
has already happened.
Can you see now,
through everything
that we have
explored, everything
we've discovered in
this series, can you
see what David has just done?
He's brought together
so many of the concepts.
He's acknowledging that there's
a field out there, number one,
that he's communicating
with that field.
He's acknowledging that
the feeling is the language
that the field recognizes is
not so much about the words.
The words can be spoken.
However, if the
words are spoken,
the goal is to
create the feeling.
And he's acknowledging
that he has
the potential as a man, a human
in the presence of this field
to reach inside of the field
into the realm of all things
that are possible and isolate
the possibility of his choice
and collapse that potential into
something real in our world.
And he's doing it through
a very sophisticated
internal technology that we
call the lost mode of prayer.
It is a feeling-based prayer.
The key?
Feeling as if the prayer
is already answered,
coming from the outcome.
There is a huge
difference between working
toward the outcome
a little at a time
and beginning with the outcome.
And you've probably seen this
huge difference in your life
as a child.
I know that I did.
For example, I was
told when I was young,
if I scraped my knee
on the sidewalk,
that the healing is going
to happen slowly, gradually,
over a period of time.
And you know what?
Sure enough, that's exactly
the way it happened.
I would look and expect.
My mom told me, she
said, every day, it's
going to get a little bit
better, a little bit better,
a little bit better.
And I'd look, and she was right.
It was getting a little
better, a little better,
and a little better.
Is it possible that when we look
at our bodies with that kind
of expectation that the
healing actually reflects,
it mirrors our expectation?
And if that is true,
what would happen
if we begin with the outcome?
I want to tell you, I've
done this in my life.
And it has worked.
And that's why I can sit here
and look at you right now.
And I can tell you, I know that
this modality of prayer works.
And when we talk
about prayer, we're
talking about this as a code
interacting with creation.
This has nothing to do with
any religion whatsoever.
And I want to be really
clear about that.
Although religions have
wrapped the rules and the dogma
around these deeply spiritual
principles in the past,
it actually led to people in
some respects feeling further
from their power.
It has disempowered the people,
the rules and the dogma.
So we're cutting right
through the rules and dogma.
We're going to the essence of
our most ancient and cherished
spiritual technology.
It's about the
relationship between you
and me, the field, the Earth,
the heavens, the cosmos,
and our bodies.
So I've had the opportunity to
begin my healing from the place
where we are
conditioned to think
that it leads, to feel the
feeling as if the healing has
already happened.
In other programs,
I've talked about this.
I went through a physical
in the year 2000.
There was a tumor
inside my bladder
that doctors wanted to
operate on physically.
I acknowledged that.
I applied everything that
I had learned in my life.
And I really applied it.
I didn't just kind of apply it.
I lived the deepest truth,
the existence, everything
that I'm saying to
you in this program.
And it takes work.
It takes work to do that.
And I did that work.
And when I went back,
fully prepared for surgery
if it was needed,
what the doctors found
was there's no need
for the surgery,
I've done this with cuts
and scrapes as well.
Our bodies will respond.
We're part of the field.
We're emerging from this field.
And we communicate with
the field in a language
that recognizes
emotion, feeling,
just like David
did with the rain.
Then the field responds.
So let me tell you what
happened with the rain.
Dave and I went into
Taos, New Mexico.
We had lunch about an
hour south of where
this prayer was offered.
By the time I got
back onto my land,
something began to happen that
we hadn't seen in a long time.
Big black clouds came in over
the Sangha de Cristo mountains.
And it started to rain.
And it rained.
And it rained and
rained and rained.
It rained all that night.
It rained the next morning.
It rained the next afternoon.
It rained and rained.
It rained so much.
The ground was so dry, it
couldn't absorb the rain.
And everything began to flood.
Fields were flooded.
Cattle were stranded.
Roads were washed out.
And I called my
friend on the phone.
I'm just going to
share this with you.
I called my friend on the phone.
And I said, David,
man, this is a mess.
I said, what is happening.
And he was quiet
just for a moment.
And he said, Gregg,
that's the part
of the prayer our ancestors
could never figure out.
He said, they could
tell it to rain,
but they couldn't tell
it how much to rain.
So I cannot prove to
you scientifically that
David's prayer had anything
to do with the rain that came
in that afternoon.
I cannot prove that
to you as a scientist.
As a scientist, what
I have to say is
there's a high correlation
between the rain that
appeared that hadn't
been seen in a long time
and what David had just
done hours earlier.
And the weatherman would agree.
I watched the
weatherman that evening.
And on the weather
maps, what they showed
was a low pressure front that
came across Utah, Wyoming,
and it came in the
Colorado and then down
into northern New Mexico.
And it made a little loop
and went right back up.
And that low pressure
system is what
brought the rain to that place.
So when we talk about
these things, some of these
are anecdotal
stories, but they're
illustrating, from an indigenous
perspective, a very powerful
concept.
Look at what David did.
He incorporated
all of his senses.
He didn't ask for
something to happen.
He felt it had already happened.
He smelled what it smells
like when it happens.
He heard the sounds of the rain.
I didn't even tell
you about that part.
But he heard the
sounds of the rain.
And he felt as if that
rain is already there.
I'm going to invite you
to think about this as we
go in to this modality
of prayer that I'm
going to share with you.
So the principles that
I'm sharing in this mode
are very simple.
They're also very ancient.
And everything
I'm saying to you,
we see the instructions
for this kind of prayer,
for this code that allows us to
speak directly to the matrix.
We see these principles recorded
in some of our most ancient
cherished spiritual traditions.
And I'm talking about
lost biblical books
that I described
earlier in this program.
These are the books
that were discovered
in the mid-20th century as the
Nag Hammadi library in Egypt.
Remember, the Dead Sea
Scrolls are the oldest records
of the Old Testament.
The Nag Hammadi library
are the oldest records
of the New Testament,
both of them
found mid-20th
century, the 1940s.
And in that Nag Hammadi
library, the 43-plus books
that were completely removed
from the biblical canon
in the fourth century by
the Emperor Constantine
were intact in the Nag Hammadi
library, including the "Gospel
of Thomas" that we've
spoken about earlier, Thomas
the scribe that followed the
master Jesus, the teacher, not
a religious man from
this perspective.
He followed the teacher.
And he recorded the words, the
exact words of the teacher.
And this is important, because
there is a place in the "Gospel
of Thomas" where his students
asked the teacher how
to communicate with the field.
They didn't use those terms.
They asked how to
communicate with God.
And it's in the
"Gospel of Thomas"
that we find the instructions
for the fifth mode, the lost
mode of prayer.
Now, I mentioned
earlier that you've
heard the term when something
is lost in translation.
And it is this
translation that I'm
going to share with you
from this biblical book
after its discovery that is a
beautiful example of just how
much a difference, one
difference, an error
in translation can make.
So it's in the
"Gospel of Thomas"
that we actually
find the instructions
for this fifth or this lost
mode of prayer, as I mentioned.
So let me first read
to you the translation
in the authorized version
of the King James Bible
as we see it today.
If you'd like to see
this for yourself,
it's in King James version of
the book of John, 16 through 23
is where you would find this.
I know you've heard this before.
How many of you have heard,
"Ask, and Ye shall receive?"
That's where this comes from.
Let me read you the translation.
The translation goes
like this, "Whatsoever ye
ask the father in my name,
he will give it to you.
Ask, and ye shall receive
that your joy may be full."
And that's the end
of the translation.
I don't know about you.
When I was a kid, I would
ask and ask and ask,
and not much would happen.
And I became very frustrated,
and many people do.
And we feel powerless.
We feel that our prayers really
aren't making any difference,
because we're not seeing
any way to reinforce
that our prayers have
actually done something
that made a difference.
I want to go back into the
original Aramaic translation
and Greek and Aramaic both.
But this is going to be
from the original Aramaic.
In the "Gospel of Thomas,"
you see Greek and Aramaic
is why I'm clarifying this.
And I want to read you--
and it's very close,
but there is a powerful
and subtle difference
that was left out
in the translation.
And it may very well be
because the translators did not
understand what you and I
are exploring right now.
And because they
didn't understand it,
they simply streamlined
the language.
So in the translated
version, if you'd
like to see this
for yourself, it
comes from Neil Douglas Clotes
is the name of the translator.
It's a little bit called
"Prayers of the Cosmos."
It is a beautiful,
beautiful book
where he re-translates so many
of the very powerful prayers.
And this is one of them.
Now, listen to the difference.
In the original text, it
begins a very similar way.
Quote, "All things that you
asked straightly, directly,
from inside my name,
you'll be given."
OK, now here comes the
translation that was in error.
This is the original.
"Ask without hidden motive, and
be surrounded by your answer.
Be enveloped by what you desire
that your gladness be full."
That is a single, very
powerful statement.
And I'm going to
break this down.
"Ask without hidden motive."
That is inviting you to
ask without attachment
to the outcome.
It's actually a very
Buddhist concept.
Ask without attachment to
the rightness, the wrongness,
the goodness, the
badness, or the joy
or the disappointment
as to whether or not
your prayer is answered, without
attachment to the outcome.
Be surrounded by your answer.
Be enveloped by what you desire.
The only way to be is if those
things are already present,
your prayer is already answered.
You're coming from the place
that the prayer has already
been answered.
So the key to what we're
saying here, feel the feeling.
Feel as if the
prayer was already
answered with as many senses as
you can, smell, touch, taste,
hearing.
Feel as if your body
is already healed.
Feel as if your
perfect relationship
is already present.
Feel as if your abundance
Invoke all of those senses.
Earlier in the
series, I suggested
a new model for creation
and the way that works
and a new philosophy that
says that our creation,
that consciousness is constantly
informing us of ourselves
through our creations.
The things that we create
art, music, books, the things
that we create
that we believe are
entertainment or
creative expression,
in addition to
those things, they
are actually us informing
us of ourselves,
informing us of our
relationship to the field
so that we can remind
ourselves of this very
powerful internal technology.
Prayer is a perfect example of
what I'm talking about here.
Now, I'm going to do this
in a very condensed format
to give you the sense
for what I'm saying.
And then you can take this
idea, and you can apply it
in your own prayers.
I'm going to give you a
template to do just that.
I worked in the corporations
and as a scientist,
as a senior computer
systems designer
during the Cold War years.
I understand computer
systems really well.
And one of the
things that amazed me
is no matter how
complex or how simple
they are, whether we're writing
three million lines of code,
which happens with some of the
systems that are being used
in the research industry, or
just a couple of lines of code,
the programs will always
follow the same template.
Here's the template,
there is always
an introduction that
tells the program what
is about to happen.
They're called
declaration statements.
Then following the
declaration, there
is the work, the body of
the program that's actually
doing the calculations.
And then there is
a close, something
to bring the program to closure.
That is the way that most
sophisticated computer systems
in our world work today.
If we are building in our
world, if consciousness
is informing us in
our world, something
we know and need to
know about ourselves,
then the question
is, is it possible
that those most sophisticated
computers can be telling us
something about the way we
communicate with the matrix.
The answer is yes.
The template that allows the
most sophisticated computers
in the way to work
the way it works
is precisely the template
that allows your prayers
to work the way they work.
And when you build
your prayers, I'm
going to invite you
to do precisely this.
The first statement of
your prayer, a declaration
statement.
Tell the field, tell the
matrix, tell consciousness,
tell God what it is
that you're about to do
in a single phrase
or a brief sentence.
Be concise.
You can simply say, this is a
prayer of healing for my body
or a prayer of healing
regarding my loved ones.
And then in the code, what is
it that you want to happen?
But come from the place
that it's already happened.
Give thanks for what
has already occurred.
I give thanks for the
perfection of my body,
for the healing of my body, for
the healing of my loved ones,
for the healing of
my relationship.
This is the body of the code.
The closure, so beautiful
and so powerful.
In the closure, we're
telling the field
that it's already done.
And for the closure,
the texts invite
us to use the original Aramaic.
The original Aramaic, there's
something about these words.
Let me share them with you, the
words, l'alam al-mein, amen.
L'alam al-mein, amen at
the end of your prayer.
What does that mean?
It means, I seal this prayer
in trust and faith and truth,
amen.
I can't think of a more
powerful, more sophisticated,
more beautiful
technology that has
been left to us than our
ability to communicate
with this field in
a meaningful way.
And I've just shared
with you one template.
There may be others.
This is a very
powerful template that
was left to us 2,500 years ago
that allows us to do just that.
The bottom line of
everything I'm saying to you
is, through the
fifth mode of prayer,
our feeling-based prayer,
we are given the ability
to communicate directly
with the possibilities that
exist in the universal
field, in this divine matrix,
and to do so in a language
that the matrix recognizes.
Our most ancient and
cherished spiritual traditions
have preserved the
knowledge and the technique
to interact with the
divine matrix and for us
to rewrite our personal as well
as the global reality code.
Well, in the next
episode, we'll discover
why our relationship
with this matrix
literally holds the key to
the crises that are destroying
our families and
our communities,
polarizing our societies
and our nations today.
So I want to thank you for
joining me for this very
special presentation.
And be sure to tune
in for our next
all new episode of
"The Divine Matrix--
Bridging Time, Space,
Miracles, and Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]